https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/iamsouravbanerjee/software-professional-salaries-2022
Salary Dataset - 2022
This Dataset contains information of Salaries for 22700+ various Job Profiles

About Dataset
Context
Information Technology in India is a vast industry that comprises information technology services, consulting, and outsourcing. The IT industry accounted for 8% of India's GDP in 2020. The IT and BPM industry's revenue is estimated at US Dollar 194 billion in FY 2021, an increase of 2.3 % YoY. The domestic revenue of the IT industry is estimated at US Dollar 45 billion and export revenue is estimated at US Dollar 150 billion in FY 2021. The IT-BPM sector overall employs 4.5 million people as of March 2021. The Indian IT-BPM industry has the highest employee attrition rate. In recent years the industry has witnessed skyrocketing resignations cutting across the hierarchy. As a global outsourcing hub, the Indian IT industry is infamous for exploiting cheap labor. As the IT-BPM sector evolves, many are concerned that artificial intelligence (AI) will drive significant automation and destroy jobs in the coming years.

The software industry includes businesses for the development, maintenance, and publication of software that are using different business models, mainly either "license/maintenance based" (on-premises) or "Cloud-based" (such as SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, MBaaS, MSaaS, DCaaS, etc.). The industry also includes software services, such as training, documentation, consulting, and data recovery.

Content
This Dataset contains information of 22700+ Software Professionals with different features like their Salaries (₹), Name of the Company, Company Rating, Number of times Salaries Reported, and Location of the Company.

Structure of the Dataset
Software Professional Salaries - 2022
├── Rating : rating of the company given by employees
├── Company Name : name of the company
├── Job Title : Job position or designator
├── Salary (Indian Rupee - ₹) :  total compensation
├── Salaries Reported : times the salary is being reported
└── Location : location of the company



Major Update: Added a new CSV file (Salary Dataset with Extra Features)
P.S - I am currently experimenting with this dataset and generating more features.

Extra Features Added:
1. Employment Status
2. Job Roles